The Joe Rogan experience.
I'd say you're honest. And I mean this,
I think you're one of the most open-minded people I've ever met. Thank you.
You have very little, like, off.
In you. I got a little off, but my off is for fuckery. You know,
when people just, when it's like openly horseshit, like, come on.
If someone's like, you know, like psychics or something like that,
you got to meet my reader. Like, my reader. I've had people say that to me.
My psychic reader read your cards. I'm like, no, Terry, no, no,
I'm not gonna let her. I'm not gonna let her read my cards.
That reminds me of Ms. Cleo. Remember Ms. Cleo in the 1990s.
Didn't Dionne Warwick have a show like psychic friends network. Wasn't there?
Something like that. Was it Dionne Warwick? Was it right? Yeah. Dion worked.
The amazing singer had the psychic friends network. That's so weird.
He was a singer. And he did that. A woman Dionne Warwick. No,
you know though, way to San Jose. I know that song. Yes. Yeah.
Psychic friends network. 1992.
That's [inaudible] yeah. Look at that. Dionne.
Warwick would sit you down with a bunch of people that were lying and they would
pretend that they knew things and they would sit there. Oh, there's Linda Jo.
My God. Yeah. That guy is psychic and she's psychic and they're ah,
all these are people from, uh, uh, one life to live in another world.
So there's soap, opera stars that were like,
this psychic changed the way I do my readings.
Now, when I play my character.
Who called those.
Voices? Let me hear that. Give me some of that.
And the end of our relationship. I mean, this is going to ultimately destroy.
No, no, no, go back, go back. I need to hear what this nonsense.
Archie in here would one of our psychics head to say about daytime.
TV's hottest. Couple.
Is this going to be the end of our relationship? I mean,
it's just going to ultimately destroy our, I asked her yeah, meet others.
I imagine that's the commercial.
She's like you asked her that what the is wrong with you? Don't you know,
we're going to be together forever. You're such an, mark. Oh my God.
How the did you ask something?
You already know we're going to be together forever. Right.
Th that, uh, first of all, nineties infomercials are glorious.
How about Deon Warwick's hair? How about that? That was something special.
When you never heard Dionne Warwick sing the song.
That you just sang. I've heard before, but I didn't know who the sang.
Beautiful voice.
It's always sad when someone's like genuinely talented and you wind up,
you see them wind up, like doing something like that. Like, oh yeah.
People off just stealing that is because it really is the psychic
within. I'm like, oh boy, what is that a game? It's a psych, a kit.
Oh my God. Oh no. Let's be real Dion.
It's only 2195, Joe.
I feel like we should order. It contains a full color video featuring Linda,
Linda Jordan. That's that lady go back to that. So I could see what that said.
They're full color video featuring leech. Lisa Georgian,
Linda Georgian and the master psychics. Oh, look,
they're taking in two eyes. How about they spelled taking wrong?
I don't trust him. Take the attack. [inaudible] talk.
How'd that?
How about they're taking you step-by-step but they're spelling taking with an
extra eye. Nobody even caught that. Wonderful.
Go back to that in a week and they'll go. Hulu were talking about us.
Change the wording, the psychic.
Within. Do you remember crossing over with John Edward?
Oh, that guy was a real.
Oh man. You know,
I think he got fired when he tried to do it with like nine 11 victims.
I don't know. Am I, am I right about that, Jamie? I think that's what happened.
I'm going off memory on that one. Okay.
Oh my God. Yeah, the audacity. I know.
That's what happened. The network was like, you're doing what?
Oh my God. The audacity.
Oh, that guy's terrible, man. That sounds about.
Correct.
Wow. That was all memory too.
It makes sense though. I mean, if you're a thief,
you're a thief and that's all they are. They're just thieves.
They're just doing it in a different way.
They're stealing and lying in a different way. It's just,
instead of like breaking into someone's car,
they're pretending they have an earpiece in and they're pretending they,
they can sense where, you know, your childhood trauma comes from,
you lost your father and your intent. Oh my God.
Some of these people.
Thought to less than two months after it.
Wow. Imagine that. Holy.
Imagine that he was like, I know what we're going to do.
We're going to capitalize on this.
This is going to take our show to the next level.
They, uh, they caught one of these guys.
Remember I think the guy's name is Peter Popoff.
He used to have all these infomercials at night where he's like by the holy
water and it'll save you. Oh. And then they caught him. They,
I think somebody did this thing where it was like a sting operation. They had,
he had an earpiece in and he was listening to people and he was like telling
them stuff that they thought he couldn't know. But he heard it earlier.
That's them look at that. He looks evil.
Yeah, it definitely is gross. Whoa. Wow.
It looks demonic. He does.
Doesn't he like a ghost catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free.
Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.